Revive startup parameter `--server.session-timeout` (#720)
arangodb/docs: 3.9/release-notes-upgrading-changes39.md

Startup options
---------------

### Timeout for web interface sessions

The timeout value for web interface sessions is now configurable via the
startup option `--server.session-timeout`. The value for the option can
be specified in seconds.

The default timeout value for web interface sessions is **one hour** in
ArangoDB 3.9. Previous versions of ArangoDB had a longer, hard-coded timeout.

> The session will be renewed automatically if there was any activity in the last
> 90 minutes. As long as you regularly interact with the Web UI in your browser,
> you will not get logged out. The renewal takes place at 95% of the session
> timeout (80% if it is under 30 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session will be renewed automatically as long as you regularly interact with
the Web UI in your browser. You will not get logged out while actively using it.
```
